Modeling rule for Halcyon pack (#43807)
demisto/content: Packs/Halcyon/ReleaseNotes/1_0_4.md

#### Modeling Rules

##### New: Halcyon Halcyon Modeling Rule

> - New: Added a new Halcyon Halcyon Modeling Rule that is mapping alerts and events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new Halcyon Halcyon Modeling Rule that maps alerts and events.
```

> <~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM 8.14).</~XSIAM>

Reviewer: Are you sure this is the right version for Cortex XSIAM? I think that's a Cortex XSOAR version. The latest versions of XSIAM are 2.10 (legacy) and 3.5 (Platform)
And do you need to include an XSOAR version?

Author: fixed
